the welcomes today's vlog is Sunday
afternoon I've just got home from work
and steers vloggers promised it's going
to be very different well a different
solve log it's not just going to be me
someone apart on today and it's gonna be
more of a run sort of like Marvin on not
angry vlog doesn't just do itself a bit
a bit runty am as you can probably tell
at a tail on the video one direction not
abandon after bumps tilt camera a bit
there we go because the other night as
you know is on Twitter and there are
sorry interest in a trip into an
interest in Twitter trend and it puts
trade and made me so it will not sign me
just it just enraged me a little bit
there's a trend called hash type best
British bands right so I will not expect
like a midden and Arctic Monkeys
Kassabian just peeled assess or bands
like that Beals obviously and people
kept saying one direction The Wanted and
JLS which just really infuriated me
because I know boy bands are known as
boy bands but actually the groups the
groups because this thing the don't play
an instrument a band is technically a
musical composition which I know you may
have musical composition of voices but
not instruments which really just pay
just bugs me right and yet the people
sit at one direction or one of the best
British bands are one of the best bands
in the world how can they actually say
that they're a little idiotic group
right and people myself jealous because
of their famous stuff not I'm not
jealous I'm not jealous of them all and
I just think it's an ultimate so I
disrespect that they gone to some talent
show and I cussed as a group and get
sent to this world wide thin because
there's five young lads who can
apparently sing in everybody loves them
I just think it's the ultimate
disrespect to some of the actual proper
bands that I've worked 20 30 years I
mean some modern man's obviously bullets
or 20 30 years will actually do pledge
to mince enough work their asses off
just to try and get so we're there and
because of that they're not even in the
chance I mean some of these buns I mean
the only saw bangs you seen the charts
now will stop at sea monkeys a call play
all these a buns are solved no one likes
non likes it because no like said rock
music and metal music but these bands
they produce such good music is
unanimous of a metal and rock fun and I
just loves all type of music I mean I
can listen to anything but I mean I
prefer if I
option to download that music I would I
download music rock metal rock sorry L
that saw stuff but just for fields call
one direction and JLS in people a one of
the best British brun a better best
British bands it's just all about
disrespect to these like said these
bands that work their asses off all the
life right just thought I'm going to
read our list of all these best British
bands that I wrote a lot of them i could
took off my head butt off and I've just
had a quick flip through and I don't
remember and enlist must be about 20-30
long I've best British brands where I'm
going to read smaller and not it's in no
particular order and obviously the first
one is my opinion one of the best ones
some of these Benjamin are but people
are comparing than same one Directioner
better than these bands that I've sold
millions of records in the 10 20 30
years it just it's just sort of
respectful Sarge us all to come over so
i'm just going to enlist out and tell me
what you think of a nice balance i made
and kaiser chiefs oasis beatles
Kassabian bullet for my valentine the
small faces the who the Rolling Stones
the jam Stone Roses primal scream Pink
Floyd Queen led zeppelin Sex Pistols the
clash Coldplay blur acting monkeys Snow
Patrol you me at six the blackout the
smiths t-rex cover with a rod for that
one of the muse and glamour of the kill
some of these bands are just world
renowned for the rock and metal and
their influence on people but yet they
get shot down by little kids that just
think jealous and one direction of
bedroom these I mean mostly is but I
think all of them a British I'm almost
convinced on the British maybe might be
one or two but most of the British the
British lead singers the British whether
they represent Britain England as it up
as a whole but people sit at one
direction about it just it just
infuriates me and agree with them we
have a shout sort of the game xvideos a
jack MIT and he caught you better video
want some chart music now it's like so
bad and it's something that but they
solved gives me that video is giving me
something spiration to make this run you
saw a video because this channel I'm
going to obviously I'm honest I'll be in
my honest opinion and this it just made
me so angry you probably have seen this
outside to me before I'm not like angry
like real bridge it's something I've
just it was just frustrated me and I
don't know what you guys think what do
you think of one
rection I mean you may like them that's
your opinion that's fine by me i'm not
going to slit you for that but if you if
people aren't anything in one direction
a better than all these classic rock
bands metal bands sort of brand-new what
you want some of the most modern ones
like news glamour of the kill you me at
six the blackout swim smoked right
choice but blower blower world now but
khabar all these sort of modern age
bands and the game it's just it's
ridiculous I think so tell me what you
think this is a very different vlog
today and I obviously I've been at work
all day wellness out of rubbish day at
work it's just been a bit miserable so
there's something despite me a bit more
intimate this blog and I work about 10
hour shifts at work tomorrow so won't
make a book too late i don't think so
but I want I want I want to hear your
guys opinions and I said to comment on
videos on some people duh but I really
would like to hear your opinions and
just try to get this video around a bit
but one direction and about their a
group I mean you make all the boy band
but I honestly I really think the group
what this try to sing a must they're
just go into brick rodman students
singer by stick above auto-tune pulled
out in the charts and make millions for
me I mean anyone can really do that if
if you had to produce to anybody could
do that with these bands who play
instruments and things just but
basically I'm not gonna say box it's
just extending the video and I'm
probably going to back up the same point
sir so they said thanks for watching
thanks if you've watched it this far
thanks watch I'm please give it a thumbs
up and let's get this video out and just
solve spread the work just not not the
hit if people say I'm going to spread
here I'm not I'm just spirit in my
opinion and that's pretty much it for
today's video thumbs up I said follow me
on Twitter I it's Jay Merrell all know
what you think even try to trend hashtag
one direction not a band that would not
be so funny so yeah thanks for having us
i'll see you in tomorrow's vlog